crashRun 0.4.0 help file

Basic commands:

Movement is done via the numeric keypad (numlock must be off) 
or vi/rogue-style using these keys:

             yu
             hjkl
             bn 

Corresponding to the cardinal points:

           NW (y)  N (j) NE (u)
              \     |    /
         W (h)   -  @  -   E (l)
              /     |    \
           SW (n)  S (k) SE (m)

Other commands (the keys listed are the game's defaults):

A - use Ability - If you had a special ability, this is how you would use it.
B - Bash - Bash into something.  Sometimes opens doors.
a - Action - Use a computer terminal, open/close a door. May required a 
             direction. (Use > to access a computer terminal, if necessary)
c - Configure Weapons - Save what weapons you are currently wielding for easy 
                        switching. (You have up to 9 slots)
d - Drop - Drop item from inventory.  
f - Fire - Shoot a readied firearm.
H - Hack - Hack an object in cyberspace (use to disarm logic bombs).
i - Inventory - Display your stuff.
@ - Info - Information about your character.
P - Practice - improve your skills if you have points to spend
Q - Quit - Quit game.  Give up your mission.  Coward.
r - Reload - Reload firearm.
S - Save - Save game and exit.
s - Search - Search the area surrounding you for hidden things.
t - Throw - Throw an object.
R - Remove - Remove something you are wearing.
U - Use - Use an item or software in your inventory.
V - View Hall of Fame - Display high score list
w - Wield - Select what you'll smack enemies with. 
            (To use a saved config, hit the # of the slot to use.)
W - Wear - Put on clothes, armour or accessories.
E - Examine - Look at the squares on the map.
x - Swap - Swap weapons between your primary and secondary hands.
X - Exit - forcibly sever your link to cyberspace.  (Can be hazardous)
> - Go Down - Take a lift down to the next floor down.
< - Go Up - Take a lift to the next floor up.
, - Pick up - Pick up objects on the floor.
* - Message memory - Display last 100 messages.
. - Wait - Stand still for a moment and catch your breath.
? - Help - Access online help.

Commands may be repeated by typing in a number before the command.
Ie., 10dn means "Drop 10 of item 'n' in your inventory".

When targeting a square, move the cursor around with the standard
movement commands.  Select target with a space.  If you loose your
cursor, hit Enter to bring it back to you.

Keybindings may be changed by editing the keys.txt file.  If you 
really mess up your key bindings, delete keys.txt and the game with
generate a new file with default values.

Symbols:

What do all the characters mean?

- @ is you, or another human
- any letter is a bad guy

Terrain:
# - Wall (or tree, you can move onto a square with a tree)
. - Ground, Floor, or Puddle
+ - Closed door
- - Open door (also Firearms)
? - Computer terminal
" - Security camera
~ - Water
> - Elevator down
< - Elevator up
^ - A trap (if you've spotted it)
{ - A pool of some sort

Items:
| - Blade of some kind
/ - Club or other bashing weapon
! - Pharmaceutical
: - Software or file
[ - Armour or clothes
) - Tool
* - Ammunition
( - A box


 